Fix flaky Windows tests (#6012)
conda/conda-build: news/5829-fix-cmake-generator-windows.md

### Enhancements

* <news item>

### Bug fixes

> * Fix `CMAKE_GENERATOR` being overwritten by conda compiler package activation scripts on Windows, which caused builds to fail with CMake 4.0+ due to the removal of the `Win64` platform suffix from Visual Studio generator names. The generator is now set after conda activation and is derived from the actual compiler package being used (e.g., `vs2017` → `Visual Studio 15 2017`). (#5829)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix `CMAKE_GENERATOR` being overwritten by conda compiler package activation scripts on Windows, which caused builds to fail with CMake 4.0+ due to the removal of the `Win64` platform suffix from Visual Studio generator names. The generator is now set after conda activation and is derived from the actual compiler package being used (e.g., `vs2017` → `Visual Studio 15 2017`). (#6013 via #6012)
```
